---
title: 'Autumn thoughts'
date: 2025-10-18
permalink: /posts/2025/10/18/
tags:
  - daily life
---

Today is another Saturday.


When I was in school, time is just flying away. I couldn't even tell how quickly time flashes.
It just feels that I'm always busy with my research, internship and courses.
And when I finally rise my head, it was already October, very close to the end of the year.
Maybe life is just like a "log function", when you get older, time seems to past away faster.
Finally, I know I could never go back to my childhood and teenage years, those long and unendurable "boring" days is already gone.
Stepping into the world of adulthood, I need fully responsible for my life.


A thing that touched me very much is that I had talked with my high school classmates about current situation and future plan.
Some people did very good in high school, but they want to live a relaxing and normal life in the future.
Some people work very hard in university to fulfill their bigger dream.
There is no judgements about good or bad. It's all about personal choices.
And finally I know that life is very long, not to be determined by the start.
It's more like a Markov chain, your future only depends on your current state.


One more thing, tomorrow will be a academic feast, with many talented and distinguished professors sharing their recent works on IS.
I couldn't wait for tomorrow! Wait for my update about inspiring ideas and insights!


It's autumn now, enjoy the season and wait for winter coming.
