---
title: 'Take off our masks'
date: 2025-09-13
permalink: /posts/2025/09/13/
tags:
  - daily life
  - friend
---

Last night, our enterprise group had a meeting in the discussion room of the school library.
The members are all very trustworthy friends to me, since we spent half a month together this summer in both Shanghai and Quanzhou, Fujian.
Working together really boosted our trust and strengthened our connection.

On the last night in Quanzhou, we drank together, talking about life, past experiences, romantic relationships, and many other things.
We all took off our masks and showed our true selves, without worrying about society’s judgment.
Many people are actually very different from how they usually appear—including myself.
That was a state in which I truly felt alive.
Even until now, that night is still unforgettable, deeply rooted in my heart.

After the group discussion, two friends and I walked and talked for a long time, sharing our thoughts and confusions about life and all kinds of relationships.
Hearing different perspectives gave me new ways to reflect on my own life.
I realized that sometimes I confine myself too much to a fixed track, and my life lacks vitality, passion, and change.
I cared too much about what others thought of me and struggled to earn reputation.
But in the end, none of that really matters.
We should just live the way we want—our life belongs to us, not to others.
There are always regrets in life, but we cannot stay trapped in the past.
We should carry those loves and regrets in our hearts, and keep moving forward with them.

One of my friends, who has a scooter, offered to take me around the campus for a long ride.
It was such a chilling experience—the night and the wind gave me a true feeling of freedom and happiness.
I just feel so lucky to have friends like this to talk to and play with.


Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------